DOCSP-41127: insert docs (#20)
mongodb/docs-kotlin-sync: source/write/insert.txt

   ``insertMany()`` method.

To learn more about the ``_id`` field, see the
:manual:`Unique Indexes </core/index-unique/>` guide in the
{+mdb-server+} manual.

To learn more about document structure and rules, see the
:manual:`Documents </core/document>` guide in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

Insert One Document
-------------------

To add a single document to a MongoDB collection, call the ``insertOne()``
method and pass the document you want to add.

The following example inserts a document into the ``restaurants``
collection:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/write/insert.kt
   :start-after: start-insert-one
   :end-before: end-insert-one
   :language: kotlin
   :copyable:
   :dedent:

Insert Multiple Documents
-------------------------

To add multiple documents to a MongoDB collection, user the ``insertMany()``
method and pass a list of documents you want to add.

The following example inserts a list of documents into the
``restaurants`` collection:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/write/insert.kt
   :start-after: start-insert-many
   :end-before: end-insert-many
   :language: kotlin
   :copyable:
   :dedent:

Modify Insert Behavior
----------------------

> The ``insertOne()`` method optionally accepts a parameter

Reviewer: S: Clarify that the parameter is the second parameter that you pass into the method/last paramater

> that sets options to configure the insert operation.

Reviewer: S: Introduce InsertOneOptions as the name of the options class somewhere here. Currently, you only introduce it when you introduce the table, which is a little confusing.

If you don't specify any options, the driver performs the insert
operation with default settings.

The following table describes the setter methods that you can use to
configure an ``InsertOneOptions`` instance:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 70
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Property
     - Description

   * - ``bypassDocumentValidation()``
     - | If set to ``true``, allows the driver to ignore
         :manual:`document-level validation </core/schema-validation>`. 
       | Defaults to ``false``.

   * - ``comment()``
     - | Sets a comment to attach to the operation. For more information, see the :manual:`insert command
         fields </reference/command/insert/#command-fields>` guide in the
         {+mdb-server+} manual for more information.

You can set the preceding settings on the ``insertMany()`` method
by configuring an ``InsertManyOptions`` instance. You can also use the

> ``ordered()`` method setter method to specify the order in which the driver

Reviewer: Q: Is ordered() only applicable to insertmanyoptions?

S: instead of having the ordered method be in the copy where people might overlook it, make a new table with just one entry and have the ordered() method in the table with a description.

inserts documents into MongoDB. If set to ``true``, the driver sends documents to the
server in the order provided. If an error occurs, the driver and server
cancel all remaining insert operations. The driver performs ordered
inserts by default.

Modify Insert Example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The following code creates options and uses the ``bypassDocumentValidation()`` method to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code sets the ``bypassDocumentValidation()`` option to
```

Author: It might be confusing to use option and method interchangeably, I will workshop different phrasing.

ignore document validation rules. Then, the example uses the
``insertMany()`` method to add new documents to the ``restaurants``
collection.

.. literalinclude:: /includes/write/insert.kt
   :start-after: start-insert-opts
   :end-before: end-insert-opts
   :language: kotlin
   :copyable:
   :dedent:

Return Value
------------

The ``insertOne()`` method returns an ``InsertOneResult`` instance, and
the ``insertMany()`` method returns an ``InsertManyResult`` instance.

You can use the following methods to retrieve information from
an ``InsertOneResult`` instance:

> - ``getInsertedId()``, which indicates the ``_id`` value of the inserted document

Reviewer: S: Make these a table rather than a bulleted list, for consistency

Applies to all
